typescript-essentials/index.md, before:

# My TypeScript Journey: Earned Badges 🏆

## Badges Overview

Here is a collection of badges I earned from completing Microsoft Learn's TypeScript modules:

1. **Getting Started with TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/7ewf644z)
###### Reflection:
This module introduced me to TypeScript, I made sure that the use of this language can make code maintenance easier and help me avoid potential errors. 
- I learned that TypeScript is an extended version of JavaScript.
- I found out that a `.ts` file is compiled into a `.js` file for execution.
- I have taught myself how to install TypeScript.
- I figured out how to compile a `.ts` file into `.js`
- I learned the basic settings in the configuration file - `tsconfig.json`
2. **Declare Variable Types in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/8rg9l7lw)
###### Reflection:
This module introduced me to what types exist in TypeScript. I also learned how to declare variables with types. This module helped me to better understand why typing is useful. By declaring variables with types, we limit the passing of values of types we don't want. And if we don't know what types are coming to us - we can use `any` and `unknow` types - the only difference is that you are unable to interact with a variable of type `unknown`. In the future, using TypeScript I will use different data types for more readable code and the possibility to maintain it in an uncomplicated way.
- I learned what types exist in TypeScript and that they are all subtypes of the type `any`.
- I learned how to declare variables with primitive data types like `string`, `number`, `boolean`.
- I got acquainted with the concept of **enumerations**.
- I realized the difference between `any` and `unknow` types.
- I learned about **union** (one of several types) and **intersection** (combines two or more types) types.
- I discovered that there is a narrower type for defining a collective type - **literal** type.
- I was introduced to the **tuples** type, which defines a type structure within an array.
3. **Implement Interfaces in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/yvha644r)
4. **Develop Typed Functions in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/fzuyn3gx)
5. **Declare and Instantiate Classes in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/uf5f2bq3)
6. **Generics in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/hygry9j8)
7. **Work with External Libraries in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/j6e85ebt)
8. **Organize Code with Namespaces in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/uf5z2lg3)

Commit message:

feat: add reflection for third module

typescript-essentials/index.md, after:

# My TypeScript Journey: Earned Badges 🏆

## Badges Overview

Here is a collection of badges I earned from completing Microsoft Learn's TypeScript modules:

1. **Getting Started with TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/7ewf644z)
###### Reflection:
This module introduced me to TypeScript, I made sure that the use of this language can make code maintenance easier and help me avoid potential errors. 
- I learned that TypeScript is an extended version of JavaScript.
- I found out that a `.ts` file is compiled into a `.js` file for execution.
- I have taught myself how to install TypeScript.
- I figured out how to compile a `.ts` file into `.js`
- I learned the basic settings in the configuration file - `tsconfig.json`
2. **Declare Variable Types in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/8rg9l7lw)
###### Reflection:
This module introduced me to what types exist in TypeScript. I also learned how to declare variables with types. This module helped me to better understand why typing is useful. By declaring variables with types, we limit the passing of values of types we don't want. And if we don't know what types are coming to us - we can use `any` and `unknow` types - the only difference is that you are unable to interact with a variable of type `unknown`. In the future, using TypeScript I will use different data types for more readable code and the possibility to maintain it in an uncomplicated way.
- I learned what types exist in TypeScript and that they are all subtypes of the type `any`.
- I learned how to declare variables with primitive data types like `string`, `number`, `boolean`.
- I got acquainted with the concept of **enumerations**.
- I realized the difference between `any` and `unknow` types.
- I learned about **union** (one of several types) and **intersection** (combines two or more types) types.
- I discovered that there is a narrower type for defining a collective type - **literal** type.
- I was introduced to the **tuples** type, which defines a type structure within an array.
3. **Implement Interfaces in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/yvha644r)
###### Reflection:
Through this module, I learned what interfaces are and why to use them. Interfaces are a description of future objects, you can say that it is like a template, which, again, protects us from errors. Interfaces and `type` alias are similar, except that `type` we can only define once and it forbids us to add/remove new properties. I was also introduced to the concept of **index signature**. This can be used to define the type of the object whose values are of consistent types or you don't know the structure of the object you are dealing with.
- I was introduced to the concept of interfaces.
- I found out the benefits of using interfaces.
- I understand the difference between interface and type alias.
- I began to know how to declare and extend interfaces.
- I learned about other ways of using interfaces.
- I've heard of the concept of **index signature**.
4. **Develop Typed Functions in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/fzuyn3gx)
5. **Declare and Instantiate Classes in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/uf5f2bq3)
6. **Generics in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/hygry9j8)
7. **Work with External Libraries in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/j6e85ebt)
8. **Organize Code with Namespaces in TypeScript**: [Badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/sunlaa-4038/achievements/uf5z2lg3)
